Update documentation homepage (#440)
janephp/janephp: documentation/index.rst

Jane is a set of libraries to generate Models & API Clients based on JsonSchema / OpenAPI specs
by following high quality PHP code guidelines and respecting common & advanced PSR.

> Jane also include the AutoMapper, an advanced serializer that generate class that can serialize or deserialize to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jane also includes the AutoMapper, an advanced serializer that generates classes that can serialize or deserialize to
```

improve performance. You can read more about it on the :doc:`/components/AutoMapper` page.

If you don't know what JSON Schema or OpenAPI are, you should consider reading :doc:`/documentation/choose` to help you
sort what you need and how to use them.

If you already know which component you need, you can read one of the following getting started to use Jane:

 * :doc:`/documentation/JsonSchema`
 * :doc:`/documentation/OpenAPI`

> Also, if you are a more advanced user, you can read the detailled components pages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a more advanced user, you can read the detailed components pages:
```
